docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/php.md

## How It Works

1. Renovate searches in each repository for any `composer.json` files

> 2. Existing dependencies are extracted from the relevant sections of the JSON
> 3. Renovate resolves the dependency on Packagist (or elsewhere if configured), and filter for SemVer versions
> 4. A PR is created with `composer.json` and `composer.lock` updated in the same commit
> 5. If the source repository has either a "changelog" file or uses GitHub releases, then Release Notes for each version will be embedded in the generated PR

Author: ```suggestion
1. Existing dependencies are extracted from the relevant sections of the JSON
1. Renovate resolves the dependency on Packagist (or elsewhere if configured), and filter for SemVer versions
1. A PR is created with `composer.json` and `composer.lock` updated in the same commit
1. If the source repository has either a "changelog" file or uses GitHub releases, then Release Notes for each version will be embedded in the generated PR
```
